hi everybody my name is a denture man I
work for protocol labs and I'm here to
show you a faster way to do i penis
resolution using pub/sub so for those of
you are familiar with IPS the
interplanetary name system it helps
resolve mutable data into mutable data
into immutable data so you want a link
that will help points to your your
content as it changes over time all
right of course IP IP FS you hash a file
you then get content out as you change
the content the hash now changes and you
need a new way to reference it so we can
use IP NS to reference that content
currently we use a distributed hash
table to find the latest version of your
IP NS data unfortunately because of the
nature of distributed networks we need
to sort of ask around to try and find
the latest version of your data so
you're always getting what's newest and
this takes a little time fortunately
we've we've come up with another way to
do this using a publish subscribe
network where we can discover no peers
that are interested in carrying in this
mutable data and how it changes and you
can get the updates directly from them
very quickly so we're going to spin up a
couple of IPs diamonds over here and
we're gonna do a publish and this
publish is gonna publish both to the
standard distributed hash table network
and also is gonna put a flag in the
distributed hash table to let other
peers know that they can come find other
other nodes that are interested in this
content in the same way that ipfs does
provider records and this is gonna take
a little while but we're gonna skip this
because we know that we're actually much
faster than the DHT and we're just going
to do a resolve and it's gonna go to the
DHT and instead of needing to resolve
sixteen records it's just gonna do one
which would be a whole lot faster and
there we are
in fact this can be even faster I have
to turn off mdns on my local machine to
slow this down for you all to see
because we can now resolve we can find
pairs anywhere in our network the
distributed hash table is just one way
to find pairs you want to use mdns a
centralized rendezvous server DNS
whatever works for you thanks and hope
to see you on github